This is a survival platformer game. You are a fire-slug named Hono in a frozen wasteland and
have become lost during a blizzard. You must find your way back to camp before they
leave without you. But don't stay out in the open! The subzero temperature will
freeze you solid if you don't find shelter often, and large creatures will goble
you up if they find you!

MAP
There are 4 regions that Hono must travel through to reach his family: Tundra, Glacier, Ice Caves,
and Snow Field. Each environment has different challenges and enemies for Hono to overcome.

Tundra: (TU_map_nx-x.csv)
Hono starts in Tundra. This area is mostly flat, snow-covered ground. Ice slugs are the most common
enemy here. There are also Mammoth Toads. Ice Storms are infrequent and there are many caves for Hono
to hide in.

Glacier: (GL_map_nx-x.csv)
This region has steep cliffs of ice and is infested with Snow Owls that will snatch Hono without warning.
The cliffs are also battered by strong winds that can blow Hono off to his death. Small caves provide some
shelter but they are less numerous the higher you get.

Ice Caves: (IC_map_nx-x.csv)
The alternate route to Glacier runs under the ice. Rather than Snow Owls, Sabertooth Rats scurry around these
dark caverns. There are large pools of freezing water that will kill Hono if he falls in. The only source of
warmth are Campfires which Hono must make himself.

Snow Fields: (SF_map_nx-x.csv)
The last region is relatively peaceful but there is virtually nothing to hide under. The only enemies are Snow
Owls which, although rare, are much harder to escape. At the end of the Snow Field is Hono's family camp where
the game ends.

There are some mazes that Hono can traverse. He can leave a trail of embers to mark his path,
but the embers go out eventually and the Wind can erase them.

ENEMIES
Ice Slug:
Ice Slugs are the most common obstacle on the surface. They see fire as a threat and throw snowballs
to extinguish it. They are very weak and die quickly to any fire attacks, but they travel in swarms
which makes killing all of them a very difficult task.

Mammoth Toad:
Large Mammoth Toads will attack Hono if they see him, using their long tongues to grab and
swallow him or their heavy bodies to crush him. Their thick skin makes them immune to firespit
and fireballs, but if the swallow a fireball the explosion will momentarily stun them, exposing
their vulnerable blue underbelly.

Sabertooth Rat:
Sabertooth Rats are quick, using their claws and tails to slash at prey. They burrow underground
and only come up at night because they detest bright lights. Hono's flame will attract them like moths
but the flash-bang of a fireball will temporarily scare them away.

Snow Owl:
Snow Owls are large, silent birds that swoop down on Hono without warning. A well placed fireball can kill
them but they are very quick and fly high to avoid danger. They will give up the hunt if the can't catch Hono
within a certain amount of time, so hiding is the best defense.